alaska alaska
who pt_pron_wps
thousand thousand
does does
for pt5
before pt5
. pt_char_per
delta delta
midwest midwest
right right
beach beach
angeles angeles
f f
first first
worth worth
such such
thank thank
something pt_pron_dt
somebody pt_pron_dt
kind kind
far far
p.m. p.m.
july july
minneapolis minneapolis
memphis memphis
phoenix phoenix
bit bit
states states
c c
along along
dollar dollar
county county
thirty thirty
john john
america america
had pt_verb_hvd
march march
dollars dollars
field field
provided pt_verb_vbn
flown pt_verb_vbn
screwed pt_verb_vbn
done pt_verb_vbn
located pt_verb_vbn
stuck pt_verb_vbn
got pt_verb_vbn
displayed pt_verb_vbn
added pt_verb_vbn
sorted pt_verb_vbn
made pt_verb_vbn
listed pt_verb_vbn
propelled pt_verb_vbn
hung pt_verb_vbn
offered pt_verb_vbn
in in
friday friday
worst worst
west west
seven seven
san san
but but
milwaukee milwaukee
and and
twentieth twentieth
last last
out out
montreal montreal
instead instead
chicago chicago
by by
seventeenth seventeenth
later pt56
earlier pt56
eighteenth eighteenth
england pt_58
hampshire pt_58
indiana indiana
work pt60
cost pt60
return pt60
mean pt60
order order
the the
new new
eight eight
thereafter pt_adv_rb
yes pt_adv_rb
anytime pt_adv_rb
tonight pt_adv_rb
nope pt_adv_rb
extra pt_adv_rb
sometime pt_adv_rb
not pt_adv_rb
ok pt_adv_rb
quickly pt_adv_rb
somewhere pt_adv_rb
approximately pt_adv_rb
shortly pt_adv_rb
also pt_adv_rb
hopefully pt_adv_rb
under pt_adv_rb
preferably pt_adv_rb
seventy seventy
ten ten
ninety ninety
second second
nineteen nineteen
thing thing
there there
one one
number number
q q
a a
air air
northwest northwest
eighty eighty
of of
february february
to to
american american
why pt_adv_wrb
where pt_adv_wrb
when pt_adv_wrb
three three
me pt_pron_ppo
them pt_pron_ppo
december december
evening pt88
seating pt88
parking pt88
flying pt88
going pt88
their pt_adj_pp$
your pt_adj_pp$
its pt_adj_pp$
my pt_adj_pp$
our pt_adj_pp$
again again
la la
anywhere anywhere
least least
sixteenth sixteenth
didn't pt_verb_dod
world world
taxi taxi
business business
indianapolis indianapolis
sixty sixty
around around
april april
saturday saturday
six six
sixteen pt_adj_cd
round round
reno reno
fort fort
here pt109
tomorrow pt109
period pt109
home pt109
today pt109
washington washington
t t
nashville nashville
less less
detroit detroit
alpha alpha
you you
required pt117
unpressurized pt117
included pt117
more more
ones ones
week pt120
day pt120
b b
h h
so so
connections pt_noun_nns
mornings pt_noun_nns
meals pt_noun_nns
companies pt_noun_nns
seats pt_noun_nns
buses pt_noun_nns
lots pt_noun_nns
descriptions pt_noun_nns
plans pt_noun_nns
weekdays pt_noun_nns
restrictions pt_noun_nns
stopovers pt_noun_nns
friends pt_noun_nns
landings pt_noun_nns
specifications pt_noun_nns
rates pt_noun_nns
arrangements pt_noun_nns
discounts pt_noun_nns
cars pt_noun_nns
numbers pt_noun_nns
aircrafts pt_noun_nns
layovers pt_noun_nns
offices pt_noun_nns
classes pt_noun_nns
fees pt_noun_nns
best pt_noun_nns
dates pt_noun_nns
accommodations pt_noun_nns
evenings pt_noun_nns
sizes pt_noun_nns
hubs pt_noun_nns
types pt_noun_nns
reservations pt_noun_nns
listings pt_noun_nns
passengers pt_noun_nns
dailies pt_noun_nns
choices pt_noun_nns
initials pt_noun_nns
nonstops pt_noun_nns
series pt_noun_nns
adults pt_noun_nns
airplanes pt_noun_nns
areas pt_noun_nns
airfares pt_noun_nns
departures pt_noun_nns
services pt_noun_nns
codes pt_noun_nns
takeoffs pt_noun_nns
abbreviations pt_noun_nns
nights pt_noun_nns
airports pt_noun_nns
kinds pt_noun_nns
planes pt_noun_nns
details pt_noun_nns
options pt_noun_nns
cities pt_noun_nns
gymnastics pt_noun_nns
relatives pt_noun_nns
delays pt_noun_nns
whats pt_noun_nns
aircraft pt_noun_nns
agencies pt_noun_nns
arrivals pt_noun_nns
limousines pt_noun_nns
bodies pt_noun_nns
specifics pt_noun_nns
charges pt_noun_nns
returns pt_noun_nns
rentals pt_noun_nns
vans pt_noun_nns
dulles dulles
fifth fifth
nineteenth nineteenth
bay bay
stopping stopping
houston pt130
cleveland pt130
shown pt_verb_vbx
once once
any any
a.m. a.m.
direct direct
dallas dallas
time time
which which
national national
boston boston
higher pt_adj_jjr
cheaper pt_adj_jjr
better pt_adj_jjr
larger pt_adj_jjr
back back
jersey jersey
denver denver
o'clock o'clock
newark newark
n n
much much
kansas kansas
hours hours
with with
show show
many pt_adj_ap
several pt_adj_ap
various pt_adj_ap
next pt_adj_ap
whether whether
o o
either either
zero zero
branson branson
others pt_pron_dts
local pt_160
standard pt_160
orient orient
petersburg petersburg
york york
no no
fourteen fourteen
fifteenth fifteenth
eleventh pt167
third pt167
close close
enough enough
at at
soon soon
e e
as as
ninth ninth
fair fair
douglas douglas
twelve twelve
oakland oakland
whose pt_adj_wp$
rush pt_180
half pt_180
d d
have have
fourteenth fourteenth
propulsion propulsion
antonio pt_185
jose pt_185
orange orange
am pt_verb_bem
'm pt_verb_bem
north north
thirtieth thirtieth
please please
tuesday tuesday
vegas vegas
wow pt_ij_uh
oops pt_ij_uh
hi pt_ij_uh
oh pt_ij_uh
hey pt_ij_uh
afternoon pt194
daily pt194
international pt194
minimum pt194
capacity pt194
night pt194
family pt194
downtown downtown
after after
those pt197
these pt197
paul paul
a.m a.m
fourth fourth
class class
between between
seventh seventh
fifty fifty
economy economy
early early
schedules pt207
whoops pt207
flies pt207
costs pt207
tickets pt207
stops pt207
names pt207
lives pt207
prices pt207
flights pt207
fares pt207
leaves pt207
trips pt207
kennedy kennedy
do pt_verb_do
don't pt_verb_do
sierra sierra
louis louis
massachusetts massachusetts
that that
within pt_prep_in
near pt_prep_in
without pt_prep_in
over pt_prep_in
off pt_prep_in
below pt_prep_in
per pt_prep_in
during pt_prep_in
from pt_prep_in
into pt_prep_in
nearest pt_prep_in
upon pt_prep_in
up pt_prep_in
through pt_prep_in
via pt_prep_in
most most
this this
ticket pt217
book pt217
land pt217
service pt217
breakfast pt217
train pt217
fly pt217
shoot pt217
ground pt217
plane pt217
serve pt217
use pt217
leave pt217
stand pt217
give pt217
coach pt217
schedule pt217
stay pt217
prefix pt217
display pt217
reserve pt217
fare pt217
team pt217
travel pt217
transport pt217
list pt217
sort pt217
code pt217
place pt217
price pt217
get pt217
discount pt217
distance pt217
stop pt217
lunch pt217
limit pt217
find pt217
s s
each each
las las
l l
's 's
rest pt_noun_nn
tower pt_noun_nn
stopover pt_noun_nn
month pt_noun_nn
mother pt_noun_nn
congestion pt_noun_nn
morning pt_noun_nn
kick pt_noun_nn
carrier pt_noun_nn
bus pt_noun_nn
limousine pt_noun_nn
person pt_noun_nn
screen pt_noun_nn
flyer pt_noun_nn
information pt_noun_nn
example pt_noun_nn
supply pt_noun_nn
route pt_noun_nn
noon pt_noun_nn
airplane pt_noun_nn
name pt_noun_nn
departure pt_noun_nn
leg pt_noun_nn
layover pt_noun_nn
weekend pt_noun_nn
passenger pt_noun_nn
arrival pt_noun_nn
equipment pt_noun_nn
transportation pt_noun_nn
portion pt_noun_nn
midnight pt_noun_nn
company pt_noun_nn
difference pt_noun_nn
vacation pt_noun_nn
comfort pt_noun_nn
hotel pt_noun_nn
terminal pt_noun_nn
snack pt_noun_nn
meaning pt_noun_nn
resort pt_noun_nn
excursion pt_noun_nn
type pt_noun_nn
food pt_noun_nn
weight pt_noun_nn
fuck pt_noun_nn
friendship pt_noun_nn
connection pt_noun_nn
restriction pt_noun_nn
itinerary pt_noun_nn
friend pt_noun_nn
eye pt_noun_nn
midpoint pt_noun_nn
country pt_noun_nn
machine pt_noun_nn
wingspan pt_noun_nn
date pt_noun_nn
hub pt_noun_nn
length pt_noun_nn
limo pt_noun_nn
car pt_noun_nn
saver pt_noun_nn
symbol pt_noun_nn
availability pt_noun_nn
child pt_noun_nn
pick pt_noun_nn
amount pt_noun_nn
size pt_noun_nn
category pt_noun_nn
takeoff pt_noun_nn
airport pt_noun_nn
listing pt_noun_nn
horse pt_noun_nn
rental pt_noun_nn
noontime pt_noun_nn
body pt_noun_nn
airline pt_noun_nn
shuttle pt_noun_nn
dinner pt_noun_nn
airfare pt_noun_nn
weekday pt_noun_nn
location pt_noun_nn
rate pt_noun_nn
ord pt_noun_nn
destination pt_noun_nn
speed pt_noun_nn
purchase pt_noun_nn
reservation pt_noun_nn
option pt_noun_nn
supper pt_noun_nn
description pt_noun_nn
individual pt_noun_nn
tour pt_noun_nn
abbreviation pt_noun_nn
point pt_noun_nn
manufacturer pt_noun_nn
drive pt_noun_nn
meal pt_noun_nn
dinnertime pt_noun_nn
operation pt_noun_nn
x x
mcdonnell mcdonnell
both both
los los
wants pt_verb_vbz
thanks pt_verb_vbz
provides pt_verb_vbz
makes pt_verb_vbz
corresponds pt_verb_vbz
seems pt_verb_vbz
departs pt_verb_vbz
offers pt_verb_vbz
goes pt_verb_vbz
stands pt_verb_vbz
arrives pt_verb_vbz
weighs pt_verb_vbz
resorts pt_verb_vbz
serves pt_verb_vbz
continues pt_verb_vbz
uses pt_verb_vbz
includes pt_verb_vbz
runs pt_verb_vbz
reaches pt_verb_vbz
days days
nine nine
then then
hundred hundred
're pt_verb_ber
are pt_verb_ber
guardia guardia
pearson pearson
southwest southwest
eighth eighth
seventeen seventeen
tens tens
september september
can can
j j
is pt_verb_bez
okay okay
missouri missouri
wednesday wednesday
smallest pt_adj_jjt
highest pt_adj_jjt
heaviest pt_adj_jjt
fastest pt_adj_jjt
greatest pt_adj_jjt
busiest pt_adj_jjt
longest pt_adj_jjt
closest pt_adj_jjt
shortest pt_adj_jjt
biggest pt_adj_jjt
largest pt_adj_jjt
latest latest
times times
philadelphia pt250
baltimore pt250
r r
city city
long long
than than
canadian canadian
y y
people people
z z
seattle seattle
carolina carolina
've pt_verb_hv
sixth sixth
descending pt_verb_vbg
terminating pt_verb_vbg
starting pt_verb_vbg
calling pt_verb_vbg
representing pt_verb_vbg
returning pt_verb_vbg
touring pt_verb_vbg
coming pt_verb_vbg
scheduling pt_verb_vbg
getting pt_verb_vbg
waiting pt_verb_vbg
looking pt_verb_vbg
landing pt_verb_vbg
traveling pt_verb_vbg
trying pt_verb_vbg
joining pt_verb_vbg
serving pt_verb_vbg
renting pt_verb_vbg
wondering pt_verb_vbg
originating pt_verb_vbg
continuing pt_verb_vbg
showing pt_verb_vbg
concerning pt_verb_vbg
providing pt_verb_vbg
including pt_verb_vbg
living pt_verb_vbg
making pt_verb_vbg
planning pt_verb_vbg
requiring pt_verb_vbg
taking pt_verb_vbg
using pt_verb_vbg
reaching pt_verb_vbg
laying pt_verb_vbg
may may
paso paso
plus pt_conj_cc
or pt_conj_cc
fridays pt_noun_nps
thursdays pt_noun_nps
avis pt_noun_nps
saturdays pt_noun_nps
miami pt_noun_nps
illinois pt_noun_nps
wednesdays pt_noun_nps
orlando orlando
it pt_pron_pps
she pt_pron_pps
united united
toronto toronto
too pt_adv_ql
just pt_adv_ql
really pt_adv_ql
very pt_adv_ql
actually pt_adv_ql
still pt_adv_ql
select select
being pt_verb_beg
twelfth twelfth
slash slash
love love
'd 'd
on on
late pt280
nonstop pt280
jet jet
thirteen pt_noun_cd
francisco francisco
if if
what what
served pt286
used pt286
minutes minutes
p p
continental continental
trip trip
k k
eighteen eighteen
other other
p.m p.m
i i
monday monday
hello hello
two two
well well
following following
we pt_pron_ppss
they pt_pron_ppss
trans trans
u u
depart pt_verb_vb
recommend pt_verb_vb
relax pt_verb_vb
determine pt_verb_vb
make pt_verb_vb
choose pt_verb_vb
suggest pt_verb_vb
come pt_verb_vb
want pt_verb_vb
connect pt_verb_vb
spend pt_verb_vb
try pt_verb_vb
arrange pt_verb_vb
provide pt_verb_vb
accept pt_verb_vb
change pt_verb_vb
describe pt_verb_vb
guess pt_verb_vb
care pt_verb_vb
clear pt_verb_vb
exclude pt_verb_vb
prefer pt_verb_vb
continue pt_verb_vb
compare pt_verb_vb
define pt_verb_vb
go pt_verb_vb
bring pt_verb_vb
hold pt_verb_vb
add pt_verb_vb
offer pt_verb_vb
occur pt_verb_vb
worry pt_verb_vb
include pt_verb_vb
apply pt_verb_vb
seat pt_verb_vb
say pt_verb_vb
restrict pt_verb_vb
match pt_verb_vb
reset pt_verb_vb
sacrifice pt_verb_vb
excuse pt_verb_vb
visit pt_verb_vb
signify pt_verb_vb
see pt_verb_vb
full pt_verb_vb
carry pt_verb_vb
take pt_verb_vb
plan pt_verb_vb
accommodate pt_verb_vb
ignore pt_verb_vb
wish pt_verb_vb
desire pt_verb_vb
live pt_verb_vb
wanna pt_verb_vb
decide pt_verb_vb
know pt_verb_vb
cover pt_verb_vb
help pt_verb_vb
rent pt_verb_vb
explain pt_verb_vb
request pt_verb_vb
remove pt_verb_vb
omit pt_verb_vb
ask pt_verb_vb
arrive pt_verb_vb
tell pt_verb_vb
like like
wanted pt_verb_vbd
meant pt_verb_vbd
went pt_verb_vbd
abbreviated pt_verb_vbd
priced pt_verb_vbd
showed pt_verb_vbd
gave pt_verb_vbd
requested pt_verb_vbd
way way
now now
lake lake
all all
was pt_verb_bedz
salt salt
some some
were pt_verb_bed
express express
o'hare o'hare
virginia pt_noun_np
texas pt_noun_np
california pt_noun_np
braniff pt_noun_np
georgia pt_noun_np
portland pt_noun_np
philly pt_noun_np
v pt_noun_np
michigan pt_noun_np
atlanta pt_noun_np
boeing pt_noun_np
bangor pt_noun_np
mitchell pt_noun_np
honolulu pt_noun_np
burbank pt_noun_np
christmas pt_noun_np
nationair pt_noun_np
wisconsin pt_noun_np
airbus pt_noun_np
london pt_noun_np
tampa pt_noun_np
maryland pt_noun_np
connecticut pt_noun_np
pittsburgh pt_noun_np
hawaii pt_noun_np
tacoma pt_noun_np
pennsylvania pt_noun_np
richmond pt_noun_np
heathrow pt_noun_np
tennessee pt_noun_np
ohio pt_noun_np
independence pt_noun_np
nevada pt_noun_np
utah pt_noun_np
arizona pt_noun_np
canada pt_noun_np
disneyland pt_noun_np
germany pt_noun_np
anchorage pt_noun_np
logan pt_noun_np
cincinnati pt_noun_np
colorado pt_noun_np
minnesota pt_noun_np
florida pt_noun_np
august pt_noun_np
can't pt_verb_md
'll pt_verb_md
needing pt_verb_md
needs pt_verb_md
need pt_verb_md
needed pt_verb_md
would pt_verb_md
will pt_verb_md
must pt_verb_md
should pt_verb_md
could pt_verb_md
ontario ontario
textbook pt_adj_jj
different pt_adj_jj
expensive pt_adj_jj
interested pt_adj_jj
riverside pt_adj_jj
super pt_adj_jj
equal pt_adj_jj
economical pt_adj_jj
frequent pt_adj_jj
general pt_adj_jj
else pt_adj_jj
gymnastic pt_adj_jj
southern pt_adj_jj
wide pt_adj_jj
intercontinental pt_adj_jj
quiet pt_adj_jj
stupid pt_adj_jj
actual pt_adj_jj
valid pt_adj_jj
mid pt_adj_jj
southwestern pt_adj_jj
great pt_adj_jj
found pt_adj_jj
safe pt_adj_jj
large pt_adj_jj
above pt_adj_jj
another pt_adj_jj
busy pt_adj_jj
light pt_adj_jj
small pt_adj_jj
anxious pt_adj_jj
finished pt_adj_jj
comfortable pt_adj_jj
red pt_adj_jj
specific pt_adj_jj
available pt_adj_jj
same pt_adj_jj
dependent pt_adj_jj
big pt_adj_jj
previous pt_adj_jj
total pt_adj_jj
everyday pt_adj_jj
apart pt_adj_jj
single pt_adj_jj
eastern pt_adj_jj
convenient pt_adj_jj
cheap pt_adj_jj
scheduled pt_adj_jj
kate kate
five five
has pt_verb_hvz
lot lot
area area
possible possible
airlines airlines
w w
slowest pt329
earliest pt329
cheapest pt329
lowest pt329
june june
twenty twenty
tenth tenth
be pt_verb_be
lester lester
columbus columbus
fifteen fifteen
flight flight
saint saint
four four
about about
only only
how how
forty forty
quebec quebec
charlotte charlotte
little little
avoiding pt347
departing pt347
connecting pt347
booking pt347
arriving pt347
costing pt347
leaving pt347
an pt_adj_at
hour hour
thursday thursday
m m
sunday sunday
el el
westchester westchester
eleven eleven
thirteenth thirteenth
diego diego